What the fuck happened back there?
It was an easy job, a smash and grab.
Jesus, Ri, why did you
have to be so careless?
You fucking killed Sharon!
- I need the green wall up and running.
- Good luck with that.
No more bets!
Stop this fight!
What you going to do? Lecture me, huh?
I'm going to teach you
to protect yourself.
You killed Sharon,
- thinking it was me, didn't you?
- You lagged on me?
You wanted me to make
that fucking confession.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Hey, Mum, watch me do this!
Hey, Danny,
your mates at basketball
said to stop slacking off.
They need you to line up for the finals.
Jesus.
So, this Marie Winter, does
she have a history of violence?
She's clean skin.
According to the department briefing
files she owns half the brothels
and strip clubs in Melbourne but
she's never been convicted of anything.
Until now.
Hurry up.
You know, they said with
Danny in the engine room
they reckon they've got it in the bag.
And I said to them,
"Don't worry, Danny will
be on his feet in no time."
_
I said you'll be there.
I'm sorry to report there's no change.
The results of his latest MRI
confirm there's no blood flow.
Unfortunately, he's brain-dead.
He's never going to
regain consciousness.
Winter.
Yes?
Yes, Mr Jackson.
- Date of birth?
- 6th May 1972.
Now, I know it's not an easy decision
- to have to make.
- What?
I want a second opinion.
Next of kin.
- You need to consider the fact...
- No, no, I won't do that.
I will not kill my son.
Do you have any family contact?
I'm sorry for your loss.
You know?
There's just nothing more
any of us can do for David.
Oh, God!
We were briefed on why you were here.
His name is Danny!
Fuck you!
I'm not proud of what I did, Mr
Jackson. I deserve to be here.
I'm not killing my boy,
you fucking arsehole!
I will not kill my son!
- Never been in prison before?
- No.
Just keep your head
down, it'll go quickly,
and you can get back to your life.
I'm Governor Bennett.
I know, I've seen you on the news.
I'm assuming you're not
familiar with the prison system?
No, Governor, I'm not.
Well, most women go straight
into the general population
but with high-profile prisoners,
such as yourself,
I'd recommend the protection unit.
I'm not looking for
any special treatment.
I'm more concerned
about keeping you safe.
I don't have any enemies.
There may be working
girls in here who know you.
I've always treated my girls well.
You're in here for a violent assault.
Yeah, but I'm not a
violent person, Governor.
- What happened...
- Intentionally causing serious injury.
That is what happened, Ms Winter.
Are you a mother, Governor?
No, and I fail to see
- what that has to do with anything...
- Because the first
moment that you hold your child, it's...
Well,
it's overwhelming.
And you know from that second on
you'll do anything to protect them.
Anything.
All right, I've organised a
peer worker to show you around.
Send Birdsworth in.
Liz, uh, this is Marie Winter.
- Hey.
- Uh, this is Liz.
She's your peer worker.
She'll help settle you in.
H3, Liz.
Yeah, no worries, Ms Bennett.
I trust there'll be no problems.
You don't have to worry.
Slip. Slip.
Keep... keep your defence up.
Slip. Slip. One.
This way.
Keep walking.
I'll have a piece of that!
Best of the bunch here.
- Come back! Come back! I'm going to show you...
- Shut up, you lot!
Oi. Slip.
What's wrong with her?
Shit! Who's on my team?
I want to eat...
What? You... I want to eat your cat?
It must be difficult learning
a new language at her age.
How old do you reckon she is?
Oh, I'd say 350, 400...
- ... in dog years.
- Oh, pussy. Oh, fuck! In your dreams.
New spunks!
- Nice spread here, girls!
- I like your tats!
Hey, is that Marie Winter?
How you doing, Marie?
Marie! Woo!
Shit.
Best looking bunch yet.
You're never going to
fucking believe who's here.
Oh, shit.
Thank you.
- So, are you famous, are you?
- Hardly.
Well, what was all that then?
Some of the women may
have seen me around.
Oh, yeah?
So, this is home, huh?
Yeah, welcome to H1.
Didn't the Governor say H3?
Did she?
Oh, shit, yeah, she did. I'm
sorry, love. It's back this way.
Yeah.
- You all right carrying that?
- Yeah, fine.
- How did you go with Winter?
- I've put her in general.
Will, I've decided to
dismantle the workshop.
I want it pulled apart immediately.
Knock any notion of
reopening it on the head.
After all the shit it's caused,
I mean, no-one's going
to approve that, surely.
Stevens has friends in very high places.
OK, I'll get Jake onto it.
No, I want you to handle it personally.
It's just this week's a
bit of a shocker for me.
- I mean, Jake'll be in soon.
- I'm sorry, Will,
I really need someone
I can trust on this.
- Pushing in.
- There you go.
Hey, what do you reckon
Franky's doing right now?
I would be sleeping in.
Not eating this shit, that's for sure.
I bet I know what she's eating.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Hey, y... you feeling better?
- Yeah, fighting fit.
- Oh, yeah, good,
because you're really
good, eh? Like freaking...
- Like, awesome.
- No, no, I'm deadly, sis.
Yeah, yeah, deadly.
OK, ladies, I need three volunteers.
Fine. Hutch, Radic,
Benson, you'll volunteer,
we're going to the workshop now.
- I haven't finished my...
- Move!
- What's happening with my workshop?
- Come on.
What's up his arse today?
It took balls, Mr J.
- What did you say?
- Balls.
Ferguson and Franky getting in there,
not knowing where they'd end up.
What do you think you're doing?!
This workshop is an
extremely important part
of the prisoner training programme!
Not any more. We're
dismantling it for good.
May I ask why?
Two escapes and Gilmour's murder
might have something to do with it.
- Can you take her back please?
- Stevens.
I'm sorry, Governor. Stevens
insisted on seeing you.
Don't leave, Miss Miles.
This won't take long.
What is Mr Jackson doing in my workshop?
I told you I decided to shut
it down. Now I'm acting on it.
But he's dismantling it completely!
Because it represents an
unacceptably high security risk.
- So if there's nothing else, I've got work to do.
- No, wait, wait!
What if I were able to help you
with your PR problem?
- I don't have a PR problem.
- Sharon Gilmour.
Could you give us a minute, Miss Miles?
Go on.
I may be nothing more than a prisoner,
but I do understand publicity.
Women like you and me, we
need to be very aware...
Get to the point!
Another unsolved murder on your
record can't be very useful.
There's only one.
Just imagine I were to discover
who killed Gilmour. That would...
That would be useful, wouldn't it?
- If you know anything about that...
- No, of course I don't.
But you know how the
prison grapevine works.
- Just say I did hear something.
- Then I would expect you to tell me.
Well, if I were to tell you, that
would be a very big risk for me,
so I would need something in return.
Not a chance.
I'll make you a deal.
The killer for the workshop.
I don't do deals with
prisoners, Stevens.
Miss Miles!
Let's go, Stevens.
I hope you like it!
- Alcohol free!
- Alcohol free, of course!
- Here you go.
- Who does she think she is?
Just let us know if you need anything.
Lovely chocolates. That's kind!
You hungry?
You take that.
Thank you. I love these.
- How's your cell?
- It's really good. It's comfortable...
Oh, rose and almond syrup
cake! Oh, that looks lovely!
Orange blossom and
raspberry angel food cake!
That looks amazing!
- Liz.
- Hey!
Look, I just want to say thanks
for showing me around today.
Oh, geez! But that's not necessary.
- Oh, that's OK.
- Look, they were a gift but
I don't need chocolates, so...
Oh, well, shame to waste it.
- Erm, they're for Liz.
- Oh, it's OK.
It's fine. She owes me.
Hey, erm, how come everyone knows you?
Well, I mean, hardly everyone.
Well, a few women may know
me through my businesses.
- Oh, yeah? What do you sell?
- Sex.
I wasn't expecting that!
Ah! Oh, fuck!
Oh, shit!
- What's the matter?
- Oh, shit!
It hurts, it hurts!
It hurts! It's hurting in the mouth!
It's OK. Calm down. Good, good,
good, good! That's it. Spit it out.
It's in my lip!
- Oh, shit! It's razor blades!
- It's what?
Oh, Booms!
- Here, put this on your mouth.
- What? Get away from me!
You can't think I had
anything to do with that!
Well, where'd the chocolates come from?
- Welcoming committee.
- Oh, God. Some welcome!
Hey! Sh, sh! Try not to talk.
The mouth heals quickly, you
just got to give it a chance.
- Bit of a nurse as well, are you?
- Well, patched up a few.
I just can't believe this happened.
I mean, clearly this was meant for me.
Well, have you got any idea
- who'd want to do that to you?
- No. None.
Well, you might want to be
a bit careful around here.
Oh, Booms. Look at you,
your poor old fiend.
Just keep that ice there, lovely...
- I'll be back in a sec.
- All right.
Allie?
Allie.
My God! It is you!
I can't believe it. How are you?
I'm good.
I'm really good.
God, you look so grown up.
It's been a long time.
I really missed you, Allie.
I know it was messy in the end but
- I never meant to...
- Everything OK?
What do you want?
Hello, Karen!
God, long time!
We're just catching up.
Yeah?
Well, maybe she doesn't
want to catch up.
- I'm fine!
- See? She's fine.
Like she always was.
Cops finally caught up
with you! What was it?
Trafficking?
- Underage workers?
- Wow!
I really moved on, Karen.
I find your recruiting girls in here,
and I will come down on
you like a tonne of shit.
I'm sure that's true.
Good to see you, Allie.
You all right?
I will not let her get her
hooks into you again, OK?
Bah!
Oh, you saved me, Mr J!
I farted! I thought I was
going to choke to death!
Get out, Radic. Now!
- I can't! I'm stuck!
- Now!
OK, keep your shirt on!
That's fuckin' funny!
Get back to work!
Hey, how you doing?
Hey. I'm Marie.
Good for you.
I saw you training before.
Look like you can handle
yourself in a fight.
Take a swing and you'll find out.
I need someone to watch my back.
Get a mirror.
Hey, hey. Pay is good.
There'll be cash.
It'll be waiting for
you when you're released.
You don't look like someone
who needs a bodyguard.
Be easy cash then.
Hey, Ruby.
What's going on with you and Marie?
- Ooh, you jealous!
- No, I'm serious.
Nothing, I'm just her bodyguard.
You should stay away from her.
Allie, I need the cash.
Yeah, except all of her money
comes from fucking over other women.
- She's poison.
- Chill!
I'm just pretty muscles for hire.
- Mr Jackson.
- Hey.
- Sup?
- How long's Marie Winter in for?
12 months, eight for
good behaviour. Why?
She's going to be trouble.
- Why is that?
- Trust me, I know.
Well, when I inducted her, she
was sorry for what she'd done.
- So she sucked you in?
- No!
Of course not!
- She seemed genuine.
- Don't believe a single word she says.
You don't know her like I do.
What are you doing here?
We're in the same unit!
You better get used to that.
Yeah, well, my luck holds.
You going to shiv me in the night?
What did I tell you about
grooming girls in here?
- Well, you heard about the razor blades.
- What about it?
- I mean, I need Ruby for protection in here.
- That had better be all.
Or you will need protection, from me.
If you're top dog, you can find
out who spiked my chocolates.
- They'd be queuing up.
- Hey, maybe it was you.
Maybe it was.
- You've always harboured a grudge.
- I wonder why.
But just so you know,
I don't bear you any ill will
at all about what happened.
Just so you know,
I do.
- Everything all right?
- Fuckin' peachy!
- Yes!
- Yeah!
Oh, she scores!
Woohoo!
Yeah! Hey, Mum, did you just see that?
Allie couldn't get the ball off me.
OK, let's try that again.
Yes!
- Woohoo!
- Woo!
Yeah! Mighty Mouth for the win!
Hey, erm...
If I was going to score,
who should I speak to?
Over there. Kosta.
Not bad!
Here you go: uncut white.
Cash up front.
If I'm paying top dollar, I
want to know what I'm buying.
What's that muck on the
top? Is that baby powder?
Oh, fucking Greeks!
I'm not buying that shit.
Where do you think you are,
the fuckin' Golden Triangle?
- _
- Yes, sir. I've seen it.
I'll be doing that. OK. Goodbye.
- You wanted to see me, Governor?
- Have a look at this.
- Oh, shit!
- The coroner calls our security
world's worst practice,
the opposition wants an inquiry
- into deaths in custody.
- So where are the police on the Gilmour murder?
No weapon, no motive, no suspect.
Basically no idea.
Oh! Governor!
This is a pleasant surprise.
What have you heard about
Gilmour on your grapevine?
Ah! So we have a deal.
- I told you I don't do deals with prisoners.
- No, no, no, of course. But,
you will reopen my workshop.
MY workshop.
With certain provisos.
Yes.
Mm-hm!
24-hour surveillance,
and every woman in that workshop
has to have a TAFE certificate.
Done.
Hey.
- You wanted me for something?
- Shut the door, will you?
Ooh! Big secret, eh?
Now, Kosta's gear's shit.
I can't use it.
I wouldn't have taken you for a junkie.
I'm not.
It's OK, I was...
This joint will do your
head in, that's for sure.
Will you help me bring in my own gear?
Nah. That's not my thing.
I'll pay you.
Marie, I wouldn't know where to start.
No, that's OK. I'll organise everything.
Well, why don't you do it yourself then?
They're bloody watching me like hawks.
But don't worry, I'll...
I'll find someone else.
Just thought you could
really do with the money.
Oh, fuck it!
I'll give it a crack.
All right, ladies, !
step out of your cells, please
Everyone out in the lounge
now. This is a cell toss.
Mitchell, back to your unit.
The rest of you, assume your
position outside your cell.
What? Again?
- Welcome to the new world order, Proctor.
- What's that?
Well, we're going to
keep tossing the H Block
until we shake out all your contra.
Right, listen, ladies.
This is a random cell toss.
- Out here now. Let's go.
- For fuck's sake.
- I've just tidied me undies.
- Good for you.
For fuck's sake!
Baxter! Out!
Sorry, Mr Jackson. I was on the loo.
- Are you going to pack it up?
- Yeah, I thought I was going
to be fucking sleeping tonight.
- Fucking cleaning up after...
- Jesus!
Nothing fucking there.
- Do you mind?
- For fuck's sake.
What's this?
Fucked if I know. I've
never seen it before.
It just walked from the
kitchen to your cell, did it?
I don't fucking no. It's not mine.
- Slot it!
- Fuck off! Fuck! Fuck off!
Fuck off! For fuck's
sake. Bullshit! Fuck you!
Argh! You fucking
cocksucker, mother fucker!
It's not even fucking mine.
I've been fucking set up.
- Fuck!
- Keep it down, Baxter.
I fucking loved Sharon.
Why would I kill her?
You're early this morning, Stevens.
It is a matter of some urgency.
I'll be all right, Miss Miles. Make
it quick, I've got a full morning.
Good.
Now that I've upheld my
end of our little bargain,
I'm just making sure you
intend to reciprocate.
What are you talking about?
As agreed,
I delivered Gilmour's murderer to you.
The weapon was discovered
during a cell toss.
Who do you think tipped
off your officers?
You're going to have to prove it.
Ask Mr Jackson what he was looking for.
I left him a note telling him
that Baxter had knuckle-dusters.
Of course, my information suggested,
he would also find the murder weapon.
- I'll need to confirm that with Mr Jackson.
- Good.
And when you do, I'd like to resume
in the workshop immediately, please.
I will decide if and when that happens.
The prison grapevine
can be very informative.
You don't think we should make
this an ongoing arrangement?
Take Stevens back to her unit.
Morning, Will.
Hey, well done. With Baxter last night.
Oh, thanks.
Hopefully, the women
will feel a bit safer now.
Oh, we got lucky, really.
How do you mean?
Er, we found the weapon by accident.
What was the toss for, then?
Anonymous tip-off about knuckle-dusters.
We're back, bitches.
Green wall's back in
business. So, piss off!
- What going on?
- You heard her. Workshop's back on.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
All right, lowlifes,
finish what you're doing
and let's get out of here.
- Yes, yes, off you go.
- What's going on?
Ah! This is better.
Does feel good to be
back, doesn't it, ladies?
How the hell did you wangle this?
It's not what you
know, it's who you know.
- Yeah, well, your grand plan seems to be working.
- It is, indeed.
It's right on track.
Elizabeth, seedlings.
Susan, let's make up an inventory
before we start, shall we?
Now, I think we should
count everything first, eh?
- Same thing.
- Dumb fuck.
- Ueugh!
- I was joking!
- Yeah, sure.
- I was.
Don't forget the conditions,
- no-one's to touch machines without a ticket.
- Of course.
I never renege on a deal.
Susan, Susan.
Remember what we said about
everyone being certified.
Mm-hmm. I'm a supervisor.
Same rule. Every person.
But...
I can weld better than any
of the fucking teachers.
Yes, of course you can,
and everything will be fine,
as soon as you do the test.
- What's the test?
- Well, there's a pract, of course.
Then just a short written test
which covers occupational health
- and safety and things like that.
- Nah, I don't need to do the test.
- It's mostly multiple-choice.
- Well, it's even worse then, isn't it?
Because they've got the trick
answers in there to like,
- fuck you up.
- Nobody's trying to trick anyone.
I'm not fucking doing it.
You can't not give it a go.
- You can do it, love.
- I'm not doing a test.
Where are you going?
What, do I need a ticket
now to take a dump?
- It's good to see you, Babe.
- Yeah, you too.
- How are you?
- Yeah, all good.
Listen, um, I've been...
I've been having a bit of a think.
And I should never have let
you go back in for that cash.
- It's fine, Ray, I did it to myself.
- I shouldn't have let you do it.
It wasn't your fault.
- I'm going to tell them that I did it.
- No, don't do that.
- There were witnesses, anyhow.
- Yeah, I'll take care of them.
I'll pay them off, or
I'll fucking knock 'em off.
Don't even joke about it.
Reet, I'm going to tell them
that I forced you to do it,
so it's my arse and they'll
let you off on good behaviour.
I don't want you to do that.
It is fucking killing
me, you being in here.
It's only 12 months.
I'll be out in eight.
And, besides, the club needs
you to sort the Butchers out.
You look after yourself.
And you keep your head down.
I got plans for you and me, babe.
Take a seat.
Next!
Who was that visiting you?
Who was it?
Who the fuck!
- I can't fucking swallow it.
- You idiot!
If that bursts inside you...
Mitchell, you're up.
They catch you, it's another six months.
Who is this for?
Marie Winter.
Give it to her.
And tell her you're not doing it again.
I thought you weren't going
to tell me what to do any more.
Well, then, you better
learn how to swallow.
- I thought you were keeping an eye on Ruby.
- I am.
Then, how come she's Marie's drug mule?
What the fuck are you doing
making Ruby bring your shit in?
I didn't make her. She wanted to.
Yeah, of course she wanted
to, she needs the money.
But I know you.
You find desperate young
girls and you suck them in
and you get them hooked on
drugs and then you use them.
That's Kaz Proctor's version.
Kaz rescued me.
I don't know why you left me, but
it wasn't because I mistreated you.
That was the opposite.
Now, what we had
was very special. You
have to remember that.
Yeah, I remember you gave me smack
- and you got me addicted to it.
- I never intended you to abuse it.
It was your responsibility
to control that.
- How?
- Like I do.
Like I've always done.
I was a baby.
Living on the street.
You were the adult.
Oh, come on!
I was your lover, all
right? Not your mother.
Who does that to someone they love?
But I did love you.
Sweetheart.
I loved you very much.
- Let's go, ladies.
- Way-hey!
Come on move along. Move along. Come on.
- I'll do a final sweep.
- Yep, righto.
Radick?*
Get me out of here!
Fire alarm! Help! Help!
Fire! Fire!
Will!
What the fuck are you doing?
Jesus, Will!
Do you want to explain
what this is about?
I don't know, OK. I was just...
I was just having trouble
sleeping, OK? Just bad dreams.
So, get some sleeping
tablets, or something.
- It's not as simple as that, Jake.
- Listen,
you need to get your shit together.
Or you're going to blow it.
- That's easy for you to say, OK?
- How is it easy for me?
Vera hates my guts.
I'm in this shit with you and
you're acting like a fucking lunatic.
You didn't have to bury
someone fucking alive! OK?
What?
You buried her alive?
What did you expect, Jake?
Eh?
I was just going to fucking shoot her?
Mate, no wonder you can't sleep.
- Where did you bury her?
- Just...
Just leave it.
OK.
Attention, compound,
attention, compound.
All women are to report to...
Hey-ho, Booms.
Off to work we go, eh?
Oh, I... I'm... I'm...
I'm chucking a sickie.
What?
- You can't.
- I can.
Aren't you the boss, bitch?
No. Not any more.
Yeah, course you are.
You're the big bad-a-boom!
I'm not the big bad... anything.
Um, you're properly going
to find out soon, anyway.
I'm a dumb ass.
Yeah, I'm too dense to pass
that test, so I'm not doing it.
Can't do it.
Yeah.
What you mean, yeah? Yeah, yeah?
- You think I'm dumb, too?
- No, no, no.
I'm a fuck up when it
comes to tests, too.
- You can still have a crack at it, though.
- No.
No fucking way. So them bitches
can just fucking laugh at me? No.
- Screw what they think.
- No.
Boomer, do it for yourself.
Come on.
I'll help you.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Well, if you want me to.
You wouldn't know fuck all
about welding, though, would you?
So what? I can still drill you.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Oh.
- Come on.
You go get the practice test
and we'll start tomorrow.
Ah, um...
Yeah, yeah, yeah?
We'll show these bitches.
- OK!
- Yeah?
- Yeah? Come on, Boomer! Get up, then!
- Don't do that to me!
- Catch you later.
- OK.
You didn't eat my chocolates.
Remember me?
I used to work for you till
a pissed client glassed me.
That was you?
Hey, look, I'm really, really sorry
but I told them to get
you the very best doctors,
- I paid for everything.
- And then you threw me out.
I wouldn't have done that, no.
"Who's going to pay to
fuck a Scarface?" you said.
No, I would never have said that.
- All my workers get...
- Shut the fuck up.
I'm not your worker!
- Drop it! Drop it!
- You're going to break my arm!
Come here again, and I fucking will.
- You OK?
- Yeah, I'm just a bit shaken.
Get that a lot?
I treat my girls better than
any of the men in the business,
- I can tell you that.
- What business is that?
Gentlemen's entertainment.
Let me guess, you've got
an opinion on that, too.
- Not especially, no.
- Hey.
You can handle yourself.
You've got a cool head.
You want to be my guardian angel?
Hey.
What happened to your hands?
- Jammed in a door.
- Really?
That's some door.
Rita!
Thanks for nothing.
Marie just sacked me and
you're her new bodyguard.
- Yeah, sorry about that.
- I need that money.
- I'm doing you a favour.
- Well, do me another favour.
Stay the fuck out of my life.
Ruby told me that you cut her loose.
Thank you.
It's no problem.
See, I'm not the evil woman.
I never said that you were evil.
Just...
You're not good for me.
Well, I remember it differently.
You were living on the streets.
I brought you into my home.
I took care of you.
You were family. You understand
that? I'll let you into my life.
Yeah, and you ruined mine.
Well, if that's the
case, I've been punished.
You're going to be out
of here soon enough.
I lost Danny.
What?
Some animal came and hit him.
- He ended up in a coma.
- Oh, my God.
I wasn't there to hold his hand.
He died alone.
But no-one deserves to die alone.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org